Update CHANGELOG.md (#115)
esl/amoc: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/)

## [2.0.0](https://github.com/esl/amoc/compare/2.0.0-beta...2.0.0) - 2019-12-03

### Changed:
- extended amoc documentation

> - automatic distribution of the uploaded scenarios amount the amoc cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- automatic distribution of the uploaded scenarios to all nodes in the amoc cluster
```

- amoc configuration:
    - mandatory declaration of the required parameters for the scenario
    - ets based ``amoc_config:get/2`` interface

> - ``amoc_controller`` - module doesn't hold any information about the cluster any more, now it's responcibility of the ``amoc_dist`` module

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ``amoc_controller`` - module doesn't hold any information about the cluster any more,  it's now a responsibility of the ``amoc_dist`` module
```

### Added:
- integration tests for docker based amoc cluster

> - possibility to add dynamically the new amoc node to the cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- possibility to dynamically add the new amoc node to the cluster 
```
